# CS262 Testing Script

## Setup Linux / Mac

Make sure you have swipl installed then just create the venv:

```
python3 -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Setup Windows

Make sure you have `swipl` installed and in your path.

I recommend the use of `git bash` simply because I don't know `cmd`.

If you get permission denied when running `python3` try `python`

```
python3 -m venv venv
source venv/Scripts/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Running the script

Ensure that your .pl file is in the directory or pass it as an argument to the script

Then run the autogenerated tests with:

`python test.py`

These will be solved in python and then your answer will be compared to the python solution

Or a specific test file in the `tests` folder using the `--tests` options, or elsewhere

e.g `python test.py --tests tautologies.csv` or `python test.py --tests tests/tautologies.csv` will both work.

Arguments and what they do can be found with `--help`

## Creating own tests

Populate a CSV in the tests folder with separators of "," or elsewhere and use `--tests` to run it

## Generating own tests

You can generate your own tests, such as the tautologies.csv test, by specfiying the `--csvout` option which will only print the tests and the actual solution. This can be combined with `--truths` to only generate tautologies. This is just printed to stdout so just pipe with `>` as usual.

## Coursework Solutions

I cannot provide the correct answers to the coursework problems as its part of the coursework to
identify them. However, if you fill your solutions into the `base.csv` file you can test them. They
can be found by subbing into a truth table generator such as
[here](https://web.stanford.edu/class/cs103/tools/truth-table-tool/). Where its YES iff the entire
table is yes.

# Regards

Hope you like it and let me (Ollie) know what you think / if you find a test you find interesting
